component category descriptions (#43)
robocomp/robocomp-robolab: components/interaction/README.md

# Interaction Components

> **Interaction components** handles human-computer interaction methods such as speech. This category contains these components:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Interaction components** handle human-computer interaction methods such as speech. This category contains this component:
```
